These are the main functions for creating and handling archives. Generally, before using these functions you want to create a list containing the paths to the files you want to handle, and optionally a list containing the option arguments created from the functions in ```switches.scala.```

```scala
def createArchive(name: String, files: List[String], options: List[String], exec: String = "7z")
```
Creates an archive of path ```name``` with the files from ```files```

If the archive already exists, it will add the files to the existing archive

The options list is your list generated by the functions from switches.scala

```exec``` is the path to execute 7zip. The default value is ```7z```, which means scalazip will look for the 7z binary in the system's PATH. You can change this to another name, like ```7zz```, or to the full path to the executable, like ```/path/to/7z```

```scala
def extractArchive(name: String, options: List[String], keepPaths = true, exec: String = "7z")
```
Extracts the full archive of path ```name```. The options list means the same as in the function above.

If ```keepPaths``` is set to ```true```, then your archive will keep in mind the directories the files are in. If it is set to false, all files will be extracted into the same place.

```scala
def extractFiles(name: String, files: List[String], options: List[String], keepPaths = true, exec: String = "7z")
```
Extracts a specific set of files from the archive based on the paths in ```files```. The rest of the options mean the same as before.

If ```keepPaths``` is set to ```true```, then your archive will keep in mind the directories the files are in. If it is set to false, all files will be extracted into the same place.

```scala
def removeFiles(name: String, files: List[String], options: List[String], exec: String = "7z")
```
Removes the files as seen in ```files``` from the archive ```name```.

```scala
def renamePaths(name: String, files: List[String], newnames: List[String], exec: String = "7z")
```

Renames the files in the archive ```name```. ```files``` and ```newnames``` are the original names of the files and the new names to change to. The length of these 2 lists must be the same.

```scala
def checkFor7z(execpath: String = "7z"): Boolean
```
Checks if 7z exists in the path ```execpath```

```scala
def retrieveFileData(name: String, files: List[String], options: List[String], exec: String = "7z", filedata: List[String] = List(), i: Int = 0): List[String]
```
Reads the bytes of each file in ```files```, belonging to the archive ```name```, as string characters and puts them in a list by the order they are read. The use of ```options``` here is not necessary except for specific use-cases like trying to read an encrypted archive.

```scala
def retrieveFileBytes(name: String, files: List[String], options: List[String], exec: String = "7z"): List[List[Byte]]
```
Similar to ```retrieveFileData```, but it returns a byte matrix, where each byte array corresponds to each file data string.
